"While you live, while yet you may, be good." - Marcus Aurelius
"Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens." - Epictetus
"There are more things likely to frighten us than there are to crush us." - Seneca
"Trust thyself: every heart vibrates to that iron string." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours." - Henry David Thoreau
"Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it." - Helen Keller
"No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars." - Helen Keller
"I am not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship." - Louisa May Alcott
"If there is no struggle, there is no progress." - Frederick Douglass
"Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul." - Emily Dickinson
"Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win." - William Shakespeare
"Sweet are the uses of adversity." - William Shakespeare
"Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome." - Booker T. Washington
"Nothing in life is to be feared; it is only to be understood." - Marie Curie
"We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves." - Marie Curie
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving." - Albert Einstein
"You must do the thing you think you cannot do." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"Like what you do; then you will do your best." - Katherine Johnson
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"Everyone can rise above their circumstances and achieve success if they are dedicated to and passionate about what they do." - Nelson Mandela
"What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make." - Jane Goodall
"Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud." - Maya Angelou
"Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet." - Stephen Hawking
"When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves." - Viktor E. Frankl
"The most effective way to do it is to do it." - Amelia Earhart
"One child, one teacher, one book, and one pen can change the world." - Malala Yousafzai
"Life is either a daring adventure or nothing." - Helen Keller
"Adventure is worthwhile in itself." - Amelia Earhart
"Afoot and light-hearted I take to the open road." - Walt Whitman
"Healthy, free, the world before me." - Walt Whitman
"To travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"But in every walk with Nature one receives far more than he seeks." - John Muir
"The mountains are calling and I must go." - John Muir
"Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"We can never have enough of Nature." - Henry David Thoreau
"Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry and narrow-mindedness." - Mark Twain
"It is not down in any map; true places never are." - Herman Melville
"One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time." - André Gide
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step." - Laozi
"I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference." - Robert Frost